# DataProject
## 2 August 2021 
Today is the first day of my internship and first meeting. A little excited. We met with my mentor before the meeting. We talked a little bit about the process. He told me what kind of project he would give me. He told me where I would come from in this project. He explained the competencies I will gain during this project. I believe that I will have a good process in which I will improve myself.
## 3 August 2021 Data Project Review
In today's meeting, we talked about the details of the project. We planned our project. I got several assignments for the first step of the project. I started keeping my diary. My mentor has opened a Github account that I will use throughout this project. He gave me the information of this account. A verification code was required to enter the Github account, but I could not log in to the account because I did not have mail open.
## 4 August 2021 
Problems are the first thing we encounter in real life. The password given to me to log in to the e-mail address was incorrect. That's why we had a short conversation and solved the problem with the mail password. Then I logged in to the email address and github account with the email and password information given to me. I did research on how to write the read me section on the Github account. As a result of my research, I started to enter the logs in the read me section. I installed Oracle Virtualbox on my computer. I did research on how to install ubuntu 18.04 on virtualbox. As a result of my research, I installed Ubuntu 18.04 on Oracle Virtualbox. In the problem determination section, I first identified the problem. The camera performs incorrect classification when classifying. Then I answered other questions. These questions are: How are the images obtained, where is the error, why is there a possibility of misclassification, and finally, I answered the questions of what kind of solution should be applied to solve this problem.
## 5 August 2021 
I have migrated the logs to the github account. I have done research for the architecture I will design. I looked at Rabbitmq. I looked at Kafka. I decided to use rabbit mq in architecture. I kept getting errors while trying to install Ubuntu 18.04 on Oracle VM Virtualbox. I got ubi-part crashed error. I searched the internet and started trying a few things I found. I failed again. Then I got help from a friend. While trying different ways again, my friend found out why the error was caused. Our error was that when opening Oracle VM Virtualbox, we had to open it as "run as administrator". I missed something so simple. It has been a good experience for future applications. I managed to install Ubuntu 18.04 version. I started watching the Linux course on Udemy. Here I learned how to install ubuntu. I learned some commands used in Terminal.
## 6 August 2021 
After I had the meeting we always had, I took notes of the tasks I would do during the day. First of all, I started watching the Linux course on Udemy. While watching the course, I also did the applications. I came to the 3rd episode until 12.30. Then I sent an e-mail about how far I had progressed in the course. I gave it a little. I've researched Kafka, RabbitMQ and Apache Nifi. At the end of my research, I wrote the Kafka and RabbitMQ comparison on my Github account.
## 7 August 2021  
I continued to follow the Linux course. I freed up space on my computer to use Ubuntu more comfortably. This process took quite a long time. As a result, I opened the area I wanted. I couldn't make the Ubuntu I installed full screen. I did some research but couldn't solve this problem. I tried to install RabbitMQ on the small screen, but I could not access the RabbitMQ Management page. I was sure that my ip address was correct, but it didn't work.
## 8 August 2021 
I tried installing RabbitMQ on Ubuntu. I followed the steps from the internet. I managed to open the RabbitMQ Management page in the browser, although I got minor errors. It did not accept username and password information. Later, while reinstalling ubuntu, I encountered a completely different error. I started all over again by deleting that ubuntu. I reinstalled ubuntu. This time I fixed the full screen issue that I couldn't do before.

--------------
## 9 August 2021
We had our meeting today. In this meeting, we briefly evaluated the last week. We talked about what to do this week. I will install the technologies I will use until Friday on the computer. I will edit the Github account. I will explain the technologies I use step by step. While doing research, I need to do more detailed research. At the meeting we held in the afternoon, I understood better how to write the document. I don't need to write what's on the internet. I had to write down the errors I encountered.
## 10 August 2021 
I installed Ubuntu 18.04 Server on my computer. I wrote Apache Kafka, Apache Nifi and Rabbit MQ comparison on Github account. I've made quite a bit of progress in the Linux course. I participated in the 5 question challenge. I researched how Apache Kafka, Apache Nifi and RabbitMQ technologies do the listening process. I posted my research results on my Github account.
## 11 August 2021 
I edit the Github account every day. I take my daily notes. I did research on the project. I can hardly find the results I want. We held our meeting and created a task list. According to the task list, I first uninstalled Ubuntu Desktop and installed Ubuntu 18.04 Server Side instead. Using Ubuntu Server was a bit more difficult for me. I need to improve myself on this. I tried to install RabbitMQ on Ubuntu Server Side, but without success. I was constantly getting the error message. I searched on the internet but couldn't find it. So I put it aside for now and moved on to the Linux course. I came from the 25th part to the 61st part in the Linux course. I did not fully understand some things in the course. I think I will understand better as I use it.
## 12 August 2021
After a long effort, I solved the error I got while installing Rabbitmq. I reinstalled it from Rabbitmq's web page. I did dataset research for my project. Then I researched downloading files on the server. According to the result I found, I downloaded the dataset to Ubuntu Server. I did research about cron job.
## 13 August 2021
It gave "package installation" error while downloading pyhton3 on Ubuntu 18.04 Server. I added 'sudo add-apt-repository universe multiverse' command to solve this error. Then I tried to download java but that also gave "package installation" error. This time I added the 'sudo add-apt-repository main' command. After doing this, the installation was done.
## 14 August 2021
I continue my research on cron job. I got an error while installing python pica on Ubuntu 18.04 Server Side. I got " cannot import name "sysconfig"" error. I ran sudo apt install python3.6-distutils to resolve this error. Thus, python pica was installed. I got an error while running rabbitmq. Unable to fix the error, I uninstalled and reinstalled Rabbitmq. This time it worked. I wrote and ran the `send.py` and `receive.py` files for Rabbitmq. I then created the `new_task.py` and `worker.py` files. I needed more screens to run this. In the meantime, the computer shut down and rabbitmq also stopped. When I reopened it, Rabbitmq didn't work. I did a lot of research on the internet and couldn't find any results. I made changes to the rabbitmq.conf file. I deleted these changes and restarted rabbitmq. This time it worked. I understood the reason for the error. It was giving an error when I made changes to the rabbitmq.conf file.


